Protocol (#178)
opensafely/post-covid-respiratory: README.md

    -   Dataset cleaning scripts are in the [`dataset_clean`](./analysis/dataset_clean/) directory:
        -   This directory also contains all the R scripts that process, describe, and analyse the extracted data.
        -   [`dataset_clean`](analysis/dataset_clean/dataset_clean.R) is the core script which executes all the other scripts in this folder
        -   [`fn-preprocess`](analysis/dataset_clean/fn-preprocess.R) is the function carrying out initial preprocessing, formatting columns correctly
        -   [`fn-modify_dummy`](analysis/dataset_clean/fn-modify_dummy.R) is called from within fn-preprocess.R, and alters the proportions of dummy variables to better suit analyses
        -   [`fn-inex`](analysis/dataset_clean/fn-inex.R) is the inclusion/exclusion function
        -   [`fn-qa`](analysis/dataset_clean/fn-qa.R) is the quality assurance function
        -   [`fn-ref`](analysis/dataset_clean/fn-ref.R) is the function that sets the reference levels for factors 
    
    -   Table 1 scripts are in the [`table1`](./analysis/table1/) directory:

>         -   This directory contains a single script:  [`table1.R`](analysis/table1/table1.R). This script works with the output of [`dataset_clean`](./analysis/dataset_clean/) to describe the dataset prior to any statistical analyses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        -   This directory contains a single script:  [`table1.R`](analysis/table1/table1.R). This script works with the output of [`dataset_clean`](./analysis/dataset_clean/) to describe the patient characteristics.
```
